processor_metrics_selector: Add documents for metrics_selector processor (#1340)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/processors/metrics-selector.md

# Metrics Selector

> The **metric_selector** processor allows you to select metrics from the ingested metrics type of events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **metric_selector** processor allows you to select metrics to include or exclude (similar to the `grep` filter for logs).
```

| Key         | Description | Default |
| :---------- | :--- | :--- |
| Metric\_Name | Keep metrics in which the metric of name matches with the actual name or the regular expression. | |
| Context | Specify matching context. Currently, metric_name is only supported. | `Metrics_Name` |
| Action | Specify the action for specified metrics. INCLUDE and EXCLUDE are allowed. | |
| Operation\_Type | Specify the operation type of action for metrics payloads. PREFIX and SUBSTRING are allowed. | |

## Configuration Examples <a id="config_example"></a>

Here is a basic configuration example.

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="fluent-bit.yaml" %}
```yaml
service:
  flush: 5
  daemon: off
  log_level: info

pipeline:
  inputs:
    - name: fluentbit_metrics
      tag: fluentbit.metrics
      scrape_interval: 10

      processors:
        metrics:
          - name: metrics_selector
            metric_name: /storage/
            action: include
          - name: metrics_selector
            metric_name: /fs/
            action: exclude

          - name: labels
            delete: name

  outputs:
    - name: stdout
      match: '*'
```
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

> Note that processor is only effective on the YAML format. Also, processor elements should be located under input or output plguins' definitions.

Reviewer: Probably move to the top I think.
```suggestion
All processors are only valid with the YAML configuration format. 
Processor configuration should be located under the relevant input or output plugin configuration.
```

> Metric\_Name parameter will translate the strings which is quoted with backslashes `/.../` as Regular expressions.

Reviewer: Can we add an example? It's hard to understand

Author: Already, they are in the example.... https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit-docs/pull/1340/files#diff-f4f33fad5d0e68d91db11691404add8f8dc03ee9b53032d1ea4247f5e1bde02cR37

Author: Yeah, I understand what you mean. So, I added a sentence for describe with an example string.
